Well, when they baptized Rus', they baptized Well, in the zero year they baptized in the zero year and oh wait Wait 200s something there, I think, the year of the Baptism of Rus' Yes, dj, the year of our era, thousand thousandth Yes, no, no, D 9, what thousandth, two hundredth year, yes, two hundredth year, yes, it appeared Christianity Yes, in the year zero And 200 years later, Rus' was also baptized in honor of the 200th day of Iris Where are you from Russia, ssi I see that the city is from Russia, what city is Izhevsk Udmurtia Yes, my dad is from Votkinsk, I am half Udmurt And you are Udmurts Oh well Russia Udmurti there you will understand Tatars are here nearby Well you Udmurts or Russians well personally I lived in Usko village half 50 to 50 there I am also 50 I have my father is Udmurt Mom is Mari and even so and you are half Who Yes I am half Russia half Tatar I'm more to the mind of me  the child was
the purest Udmurt there all his relatives
were Udmurts the Udmurt language
you know
Kleni Fili all Yes already there already No well no
There are in the villages that speak directly in Umur
Well only in the villages they left yes
only yay in the villages they left right in the
central city now all  in
Russian there are Well, in banks there are people
who speak Umur That is,
if, roughly speaking, some
granny comes there and puts money or
speaks something purely in Udmurt, the person
specifically speaks Umur in order to understand
this happens and how do you feel about
what Putin did  war attacked
Ukraine and sends different nations
including you here mur to die in Ukraine Well
how to die Well I don't
know Yes I'm
positive And what is
positive we defend
our so to speak borders what are your urs
borders of defense in Ukraine
Russians have occupied you now Moscow
Bert throws you to die  in Ukraine and
Udmurtia itself lives the richest region Yes and
lives poorly in comparison with Moscow I did not
say that we are poor  we
live oh I wouldn't say how we how much is
the salary Izhevsk Well you 501 501 in short
this is necessary damn Now I am a
teacher's salary teacher's salary
Compare Well well now they will give out for the
fifteenth year so here according to the city I
work the average salary of a teacher Vizhes
for 224 years is
29173 rubles this
state Wait this is a salary
stop salary Wait wait and did you know
that in the salary noting the
bonus the bonus also needs to be taken into account in short
look look we see salary that in
Russia there is still an allowance look again
teacher's salary we will take the
teacher's salary in Estonia is also a Finno-Ugric
people Yes there is a salary  teachers will be
1,000 euros at least Well at least and
prices are less prices are less phones are cheaper
cars are cheaper look Well let's see how much does an
iPhone cost in that country iPhone in
Europe in the European Union iPhone is cheaper
because in e iPhone in Russia is taxed
costs 50,000 50,000 Well 500 bucks  Well,
it is worth it in Estonia  I was in Estonia a week ago
in Estonia it costs 350 dollars that's
35,000 in your opinion
350 I looked So I'm telling you everything that
is you understand Look Why are
your iPhones more expensive because in
order to bring them to Russia from the European Union
the duty is so consolidated here  and that's all there
is no duty, now look at how much ISCO a
teacher
needs to work for 2 months and not eat anything
just to earn money for an
iPhone An Estonian teacher will earn money for an iPhone in one
week from your work, not in d weeks.
What do you
want to tell me, you say where do
we get it from?
iPhones import of iPhones to Russia is subject to
duty everything And from which
side of America do they bring
you to India
No no no look look in
India in India they are produced and in China
Yes the manufacturer is the company Apple Yes the
company Apple is subject to duty when
imported into the Russian Federation in the European Union
not  taxed because these are NATO countries,
that's all. And you sit there. Look,
you don't even have normal vodka.
you
drink imported alcoholic drinks Why Because they are
brought there Well I'm telling you
imported ones you Russians don't have your own you
buy foreign ones Yes you bring them with duty
you can't even drink normally
you can't even
drink normally with your own money How much does a
teacher need to work hard  to
drink normally No look my
mom has this 2000 rubles
Wait my mother works as a
teacher herself she gets 18,000 rubles in theory
she works in the village 18,000 rubles 180
dollars wait but in theory in fact she
gets 3035 because 300 dollars
Yes
look there it goes  class management
monitoring the class and so on for each
teacher this is a prize for each absolutely Pony
correctly I understand your mother will receive
dollars but with the fact that they brought
class management monitoring the class
cleaning the territories and so on she
gets 300 dollars yes yes that is your
mother with these  everyone
to hang 300 dollars in the richest
Russian Federation in Estonia in  Estonia is the
same Mom gets 1400 euros Yes,
tell me not in Estonia n times more five
times more in Ukraine How much does she get
so in Ukraine there is no gas oil diamonds you They
attacked us and sit without oil ha Here you go,
look Because you are sitting in the richest
region Yes Siberia Ural povo richest
regions you Moscow takes everything your
mother leaves with a low salary rich
Moscow buys yachts for themselves Yes kaki
everything your mother gets 300 bucks and you
are happy about it you think it is normal
she she does not Rit cocaine She has a
two-story house for herself in 150  squares
look again your mother gets 300 dollars
You said it with your mouth Yes I said it with
my mouth That is, in a year for a year of work
your mother will earn 3,600 dollars in 12 months did
I understand correctly and in 2 years
she built a new house of 150 squares
stop for  In 2 years your mom will earn
$72 as  7 dollars you can live,
feed yourself and still build a
house somehow
feed yourself I am in the city but when We
built the house and We built the house yes We
built I agree We built in the summer and
lived, roughly speaking, in
the dressing room but as if by What the old one
was torn down but we built  new house and
moved into it with repairs in a year pyana 2
years look how much a house
like yours costs how much a house costs if you
sell it now well six million
Yes not five
less than a million 800 probably two somewhere around 2 million
- that turns out that's still  Well, that was
how many years ago Yes, not 6 years ago 6
years
ago Here again, not half, how much does
such a house cost Like
you have 1.00 ed somewhere 2 l 2 ml - that's
20,000 dollars yes yes So look, I'm
not  I believe that receiving a total of 7,200 dollars in 2 years
Yes, paying for various expenses, such as travel,
food, clothing, internet And so on, yes, you
can build a house that is worth it
20,000 dollars well agree
for dollars on
dollars in rubles look in rubles
look again your mother gets
3,600 dollars a year this comes out to
360,000 rubles in 2 years your mother will get
720,000 rubles how did she get 720,000 rubles in 2 years
paying for food for clothes for
there  electrician gas light travel vacations And
so on she was able to build a house that
costs 2 million rubles three times more than
she received money 6 years
ago again look we have a
salary and there is Well what about a mortgage for us
Zhenya's mortgage don't wait you didn't understand at the
moment  moment that at the moment at the
moment the cost of such a
house Well, and at the moment
your mother's salary we are comparing at the
moment two identical moments salary and a
house Wait At that moment a million 100 Just
wait I'm here Well, at that moment and
mom's  the salary was less
Yes, that's why we need to compare two identical
moments right now two identical
moments Well, how No, I  I say I got it a little mixed up.
And at that time, 100 million. We got all
this, it turns out to be foam block facing expanded clay
boards, good, yeah, look, if
now Mom
gets 30,000 rubles a month, yeah, then 6 years
ago she
got 35, if now 6 years ago she
got two  times
less than the salary 6 years ago before with were
twice less they rose
because the dollar
rose why Well then let's say
I mean look at Izhevsk in 2018 The
salary was 10,000 rubles
what 10,000 can't
be the dollar was different Yes The salary was
10 how  dollar your dollar is connected with our
salaries
I also don't know why it turns out
that your salaries Yes, they have grown in rubles
because all prices have grown in rubles so
look again how it turns out that your
mother was able to build a house in 2 years of her salaries
Well, it's impossible This is  it's a
scam Well, how did you build it Well, that
means she  she didn't save for 2 years she saved for a
long time 2 years
yes that is to say I roughly
speaking we tightened our belts we didn't eat
there I don't know in some kind of
extra food Well we live in the countryside
roughly speaking we ate potatoes what we
grew ourselves plus Well store-bought bread roughly
speaking  minimum bread there apples in
winter That is, I understand correctly Well, what
in order to build for
your mother's salary d two-year this house yes you
ate bread apples and potatoes for 2 years no no
no Besides this well maybe you can
imagine a vegetable garden and what you can do there
grow Well, well, basically it
turns out bread yaks and potatoes ate And what did
you
eat potatoes carrots
there
cabbage
beets that is, for 2 years you ate
potatoes carrots cabbage beets and
store-bought bread yes Well, and
pig meat pig meat raised yes Well,
yes two piglets two piglets  And that's all, well,
roughly speaking, yes, yes. And what, for my mother and I
alone, this won't be enough for 2 years, you think?
Not for me, I was just interested. Yes, I
understand. And  how many do you have in Ukraine I am not from
UI I am not from Ukraine Well and the Ukrainian flag is
not Yes I am originally from Rostov But I have been living
in California for 18 years now in 2
years it will be twenty I support Ukraine
because I have a lot of friends from
Ukraine Support from  California can be
supported Well, I agree, here's the question,
look I just see the standard of living here
in California And I lived in Russia, I understand the
standard of living My parents
still live in Russia, in Rostov I know what the pension is,
what the salary is, so what you'll
tell me for 2  years to build a house is
just nonsense It's impossible in 2 years with With
such a
mother in a year the house
was built even ate
vo
dav
rera va this
money will not be enough money you understand
and the thing is that look Here you know the
problem firstly
inheritance Come on inheritance inheritance
can be different
for what  you already have a plot you understand
Here first of all the allowance allowance first of all
wait wait wait allowances that are
given to teachers And these are reduced rates
on loans mortgages and so on that is
why the house was
built
25%  25% of electricity my mother doesn't
pay because she is a teacher
[music]
is a mortgage which is
7% mortgage - this is when you take a
ready-made house then it is a mortgage no no
you take a mortgage for the construction of a house
or you Paul rural mortgage it can
go to  construction Yes, it can
mortgage is a
loan if you took out a loan then you don't have to
pay it off in 2 years You pay it off there for
how many years so your mom
didn't take out a loan right Well, that's why you
shouldn't mix mortgage inheritance
if there is one If there isn't one This  already such We are
saying that it is unrealistic
to build a house in Russia after working for 2 years It's just that I specifically
Finances were not given out I was still the most and as
if SVA in say that in Russia it is impossible
to build a house in 2 years Well because
look we calculated for 7000 dollars
wait You  counted You only counted the
teacher's salary but no one forbids
others to work you can rent out like yes no at our
factory you know how much they will pay  look
I see if mom after work to the
teacher e will go will go
ra stories about our time why
why do you only take into account parents
who live in the distant past roughly
speaking and do not know anything else that is, they are, let's
say, old, where should they work, they should
work, but wait, look, the story
mouth that mom for salary We are
talking about this case Yes I understand that there is a
programmer who works somewhere quiet
Well, mom I take an ordinary
teacher here in California and a
teacher, my mom
worked as a teacher in Rostov, she has retired now
she has a pension of 18,000 rubles I
understand that you can't survive there in Rostov with these 18,000
I send her Yes I send her
500 dollars every month 50,000
rubles so that she can build herself more
comfortably
look we don't build houses
at all we don't build here I'll explain  we
don't have that, we have this theme that we
rent houses We rent houses  Why Because
because we Listen to me Listen
because we Yes we are used to living in houses
that now for example I have two
children Yes I rent a two-story house Yes
when I lived like there were no children We
rented a one-story house and moreover We
rent in those places where  it is profitable for
us We have a very mobile population For example, I
can work today for one company
Yes, I am in this area tomorrow I moved
I am now working for the
Facebook Corporation I work for the
Facebook Corporation Yes, and I live in a special town,
uh, Facebook town Yes, I rent there
apartment Well, not an apartment but a house and a
two-story house these lawn absolutely everything
tomorrow if I work for
Google Corporation Yes, I will be in another
state And it turns out that in Russia it
was like this because we
had nothing at all in the Soviet Union we  need to
build a house house Yes, that house is being built in the
village and then the child goes to live in the
city and who needs that house
really that's all
so zhims get ready
to buy a house if tomorrow you want to
live for example in another area of the state yeah
like because  what's cool there in short here
near the beach Yes you rent a house if you want to
buy it I for example think that Yes for now
I'm not interested in it it's more profitable for me to
rent you see we have so
many different offers you can have
you seen American films like
Soviet House or Soviet Apartment this
Khrushchev or a small house like that, yes, an
American house, an American house, have you
seen what an American house is? Are you
now thinking that in
Russia we still have multi-story buildings?
We already have a Colosseum in Izhevsk. Hello, the
Colosseum in Izhevsk. Yes, look on the Internet.
And the Gladiators are there. The Colosseum in Izhevsk.
Look.  I'm telling you it's already built the
Colosseum in Izhevsk yes And what is the
Colosseum I'm telling you about an apartment
multi-story building and this is a multi-story building
called the
Colosseum And I think it's like the Colosseum Like in
Rome a copy Well, that's
also a question question And why is this
residential complex in Viske called the
Colosseum  I wanted it so I wanted it
they called it the Colosseum And
why is it called Prime or Aurora by some
Russian names Why was
NATO called  Colosseum Aurora Aurora is And
why did you decide that the Colosseum is NATO Well,
this is Rome Rome is now in Italy Italy is in
NATO And what does NATO and a residential complex have to do with it?
These are generally different discrepancies
in general Colosseum Probably because
Roman mythology comes from this  that
is, Russians bow to Roman
mythology Yes, if the Colosseum is
expensive,
partly we know the Romans, if the minds
don't pay for it, then what are we, what, what, and Well,
tell me Yes, partly you are the Romans, Well, I'm
interested, I just don't know history well, do you
know the Romans swam in the Black Mole?  and more than once
and what do you have to do with Izhevsk Romans
No they just took the name Roman So
wait no The Romans sailed in the Black Sea
and more than once and what do you have to do with
this I mean what do you have to do with this Well what
relation do you have to the Romans
just style not much No you you say
that we too  Romans historically you
said No all Russian people roughly
speaking yes here all Russian people what is
their attitude to  the Romans have because the Romans sailed to the Black Sea and the Russian people because there used to be Rus' there and we Well, the blood was also mixed at that moment, uh, with ancient Rome Well, with the Romans Yes, I understand We, of course, didn't really accept them as Goths and they too us but still the fact was and well Well you know that there were battles between the Romans and Russia Yes I say where was that and where was the most famous battle between the Romans and Russia that I don't remember I honestly don't know history well but well which king defeated Romans on the Volga on the Volga Romans yes yes on the Volga Yes near Astrakhan there was no such thing there was no Ivan Ivan the Terrible Terrible Yes Ivan the Terrible defeated e after him when he captured Astrakhan he recaptured it from the Romans And after that the dominance of the Romans in the Volga ended -Caspian region Yes yes yes I'm talking about this, that the Romans invaded our territory too and didn't
we have a lot of Blue so to speak Friendship Well, okay So why look at the Romans Yes they attacked the Russian kingdom Yes they constantly took Russian women into captivity to Rus' Yes they sold them into slavery gladiator fights if you know maybe Evpatiy Kolovrat was like that yes I heard Yes and Pati kal vrat from Rostov the Romans captured him and made him a gladiator he is one of the most famous Slavic gladiators of Rome his still his still Emperor Nero gave him freedom because he fought very clearly Well this this I don't know whether he gave freedom he didn't give because the gladiator uh the emperor uh could give freedom to the gladiator there was such a rule and he gave freedom to the Kolovrat party because he won there in short a huge number of these Ethiopians fought against him and he won them all very well there the whole stadium chanted to the Romans the whole Colosseum Well in general, you understand that we are still connected with Rome and why not call the high-rise building Ne  well just no look I just don't understand what the Romans attacked Rus' fought killed Rus' Ivan the Terrible defeated the Romans in Astrakhan then drove them away what are you connected to say that the name Apple Why is it connected to the apple iPhone is the same Apple is an apple I just can't understand Romans Romans are like Germans they attacked Rus' They wanted to capture Rus' so And what does it have to do with it took the apple Why the apple t look Romans you said that you have Romans on the contrary wanted to capture Rus' And you say that you are the Romans to capture Apparently I'm just now already on the internet I'll forget Why the Colosseum was called the Colosseum the goat for a residential complex in Izhevsk is connected with the architectural facade of the building just the facade of the building looks like the Colosseum the facade back view in the form of the Colosseum And what does the Colosseum look like You know yes yes well destroyed quite columns First there was a Circle then a semicircle Yes And there because of the war and what is the Colosseum anyway where
Gladiators fought it was like that Give the people bread and circuses in my opinion circuses bread and circuses there were circuses and there was bread understood Well, okay But look I still can't understand the Romans And their Heirs the Germans Yes because the Germans then captured Rome and also when Hitler attacked the Soviet Union he considered himself the successor of the Holy Roman Empire Why our ancestors Rusichi our ancestors Yes Rusichi Ancient Rome like parabolas attacked the territory of Rus' And you call your residential complexes by these Roman names this was before they fought you know because for women and territories I understand And by the way, since what century has Rus' existed, I forgot something I dont know exactly exactly Well, I cant even say approximately Well, when was Rus' baptized there, baptized Well, in the zero year, baptized in the zero year or Oh, wait, wait, uh, two hundredth, what- then there is the year of the Baptism of Rus, I think, Yes, the two hundredth year of our era and the thousandth  Yes, no, no, what thousand two hundredth year Yes, yes, yes, Christianity appeared Yes, in the year zero and so on and 200 years later, just like that, Rus' was baptized in honor of the 200th birthday of Jesus Christ, exactly the year yes, yes, year And where did they baptize Rus'? They baptized in the river well, as they baptized everywhere throughout Rus', but how would it be significant in the river, I don't remember the name of the river anymore Well, there is a picture there, there is the baptism of Rus And where is this, where is this river approximately located, in my opinion, only the Volga is not in the language now but in my opinion not in Ukraine in Ukraine in Kyiv in my opinion not in the Jordan River Jordan yes yes in the Jordan River Yes stop googling this let's communicate normally then you will be like that Yes look the baptism of Rus took place in the Jordan River Yes it is biblical Yes it is described a I don't know what the prince who baptized Rus' in the Jordan River was called. Well, you definitely know Ru, and Rurik. Rurik is correct. Rurik baptized Rus' in the Jordan River. Yes. And where did Rurik come from? Kyiv is correct.
Rurik is from Kyiv, yes And why Rurik Yes, after baptism, he made an alliance with the Romans and attacked Moscow, and Moscow is them, you fought between them, wait, I'll remember now, there were princes, yes, and princely ones. Well, what happened in Rus' that Rurik was the prince of Kiev Yes originally from Kiev accepted Christianity, I don't give a damn about Rus' and made a pact with the Romans. What about going together and attacking Moscow? Why was it like that? Because Moscow didn't accept, didn't accept, that Baptism is the right thing to do. Yes, that is, Moscow didn't want to baptize. And why didn't Moscow want to accept Baptism? pagans were so Well, they were all pagans, yes, why did Kyiv with Rurik accept baptism in the Jordan River and, together with those baptized by the Romans, went against the Muscovites who did not want to be baptized because it was a common Rus, these were common territories, they were simply divided into principalities because this is what was the name of the Moscow Tsar against whom Rurik and Rome went after baptism  war that
Moscow I don't know how Tsar
Herod definitely don't remember Herod Tsar
Herod Yes Tsar
Herod he denied it he didn't want to accept the baptism of
Rus He said that the Moscow
principality would remain unbaptized Yes but
this is also known if you saw
Vasnetsov's painting Rurik fights
Herod is known
on horses  then they fight there was a
battle what such a picture I have never seen
yes that is a battle and it turns out the Romans The
Romans together with Rurik's troops approached
Moscow kept him in 14 days
in a
kind of encirclement Yes and then the
envoys agreed that King Herod
would fight with Rurik and who would win
that will be true if King
Herod wins Rurik enters if Rurik wins
then Moscow accepts Baptism and Rurik
defeated King Herod Yes and Moscow was also
baptized then yeah And what year do
you remember No definitely not since Well approximately some
century at least Well tenth no
right
Yes, I understood something like that,
and you know the later history  for example, then it fell apart Yes, the Tatar-Mongols came and captured Rus' after the baptism captured Rus' Well, they didnt capture raids they constantly captured captured completely Well, no, not Yes, and the Moscow princes went, that same Alexander Nevsky, he went to Kara-Karum, like he went to to worship Genghis Khan, to negotiate or not to negotiate, but to receive a label on the same Yes, Nskan distributed who would rule Where in his principalities, like so, look, how does it turn out that Moscow was under the rule of the Tatar-Mongols Yes, Kiev was free from the Tatar Mongol, it was in the Lithuanian principality because it will turn out that Kyiv ended up in Russia again Moscow wait [music] they united against the Tatar-Mongols Well no, as if Moscow was with the Tatar-Mongols and Kiev was with Lithuania and Poland Yes, how did Kiev end up in Russia again laziness [music] what did it do Lenin advanced his position correctly, he invented Ukraine and included it in what
states don't wait you're
comparing different periods of time so
right Well how not look at the
Tatar-Mongols Yes we lived in different
states Yes Ukrainians and Russians
Yes when
I got to Russia in the USSR when Lenin
after the collapse of the Russian Empire he
came up with Ukraine on the spot  former Rus
where Kievan Rus was he came up with
Ukraine there and included it in the Soviet
Union Well it was the same way yes before Lenin
Ukraine did not exist he specifically came
up with Ukraine and included it in the
Soviet Union Well well because it
was necessary to somehow
divide the division  happened
Yeah and this is what do you know about
Stalin Stalin was a
very cruel ruler but he
adhered to and no he did not adhere to Lenin's
ideology he essentially created a
distorted Leninist ideology as far as
I remember he took it as a basis but also
distorted it in a more
harsh way so to
speak more harsh  rules Yeah Well,
who
won the Great Patriotic War
Stalin
Stalin many countries participated in the
Victory itself including the USA Yes but the USSR at the
expense of  what did the USSR win only because of Stalin the
USSR won if it weren't for Stalin the USSR
wouldn't have lasted
no because of the people the
people there were no longer
divided when there was a war in Ukraine the Ukrainians
fought with the Russians the same with the
Udmurts But they fought at the same time I
understood how you feel about Yeltsin and
Gorbachev  which destroyed the Soviet Union,
absolutely destroyed the country,
in short, the country,
Yes, they spilled all the developments, they
spilled technology during the collapse, a
lot of technology went away from us, where did it
go, NATO
units were on the territory of the
Soviet Union, where exactly, I
dont remember exactly, honestly, but they were there,
during the collapse, NATO
units were there  on the territory of the
Soviet Union And how did the technologies go away from
you and
what technologies and who will say What
technologies went away Well what
technologies did the West steal from the Soviet
Union the production of sausages from toilet
paper or what
and the developments in nuclear weapons the USA
stole even During the Victory over Germany
because  stole from whom from the Soviet
Union No no no it's not us who say what
was stolen What technologies did the West steal from the
Soviet
Union in
electronics What exactly  in electronics
electrical engineering in my opinion
I just remember I was
born in 1981 in Rostov when the
Soviet Union was falling apart I was 10
years old the
only electronics were Soviet I don't know what the hell was there
light bulbs and
switches VCRs were
Japanese it was a rarity But it
was just a bomb and
We had a black and white Soviet TV, but the
Americans stole this technology and kept it
secret from the world. We had developments,
they stole the developments that we made
and used them, studied them again. Look,
I just live in America now. I watch
in America.
Yes, a computer.  Apple was already there in the seventies,
in the eighties, IBM and Macintosh Yes, they
were already in the homes of many of us in the
Soviet Union Yes, in the eighties and up to the
nineties, a computer was something,
in short, something like that could only be found right at the institute
What developments could the
Americans steal from us  if we had
why she just didn't go out to the people
went out to the People and the policy was such a
military one that all the developments were similar
even the Internet take the Internet first
appeared in  America undoubtedly but
at first it worked for military purposes that is to say they
transmitted some military data and
then roughly speaking also most likely
leaks or something similar happened and
someone let's use this vdm roughly
grief because
data transmission goes through fiber optics much
faster  you can communicate through it and so
on That is, in the Soviet Union, the
developments were essentially aimed at the
military because that is, I
understand correctly in the Soviet Union They could make
some kind of airplane but they couldn't make an
iron They made airplanes, I'm not saying Well, they didn't
make a
normal iron  well why do it if you can
buy it no at that time they didn't buy it but there
were irons I remember the Soviet
Soviet iron - it's one with two
modes and not like modern
normal irons Well and modern ones like
now a washing machine look Soviet here is a washing
machine washing machines Yes Soviet
washing machine  - it's just cooler
Zhuzha Sey such crap with the engine Yeah, well,
imported Yes, American cars, a bunch of
modes, everything has been squeezed out, everything is fine
now, the same Yes, everything is fine  foreign So in Russia now you have foreign washing machines Well it is Russia that takes technology from the West and not the West that took technology from Russia not us we do not take technology we buy yes Well what did the West steal from Russia irons did not steal washing machines did not steal military developments that military Did you steal I saw, look, American planes are better in class than Russian ones. Okay, well, why then does Ukraine buy other military modifications, that is, it buys the plane. More precisely, it doesnt buy it, but receives it for free. I dont know at all. I dont know whats going on in Ukraine. I dont know whats going on in Ukraine. Im from Rostov and I live in California I can speak for Russia because I was born there and for California for America because I live there I am a citizen of the United States for Ukraine because I have many friends in Ukraine I figured out when it started I figured out who is right who is to blame my Well Russia Russia is to blame Russia wine I'll explain why Because look at the lands of the modern Russian Federation Yes, these are the original lands of Kyiv, that is, before Lenin called the territory of Rus' on which Kyiv was located, he called it
Ukraine and included it in the Soviet Union it was Rus Rus was in the center in Kyiv Yes the Kiev prince Yes founded all these cities of the Russian Federation there Yaroslav Moscow Izhevsk And so on yes that is Kyiv was the mother of Russian cities the mother of Rus cities therefore all the entire territory of the Russian The Federation rightfully belongs to Kyiv since Kiev was founded and colonized Yes Lenin when he made an illegal coup d'etat killed the tsar killed the tsar Yes according to the Constitution it was impossible to kill the tsar who was legally elected Lenin with his terrorist organization Left Sector Yes they went and made a Maidan there and killed the tsar killed the tsar and then chaos began, they rewrote history, Rus' was renamed Ukraine, with the center in Kyiv, and in order not to give up the cities that Kyiv created, Yaroslavl, Samara, Saratov, all of this was founded by the Kiev princes. When Rus' still existed, the Kiev princes founded everything, Novgorod, Ladoga, old Russian, this Saint- Petersburg and so on Then those Saint Petersburg who founded founded the Kiev prince Peter And then  when Peter I captured because then the Swedes captured this territory and Peter I recaptured it from the Swedes yes and named it after himself it was called and the city Who built it look there was a settlement of modern Rus' in its modern form in such architecture it was already built by Peter I well now and now the whole city belongs to Ukraine well not to Ukraine but to Kiev Well Kyiv is the mother of cities Russian Yes St. Petersburg yes since time It was built on lands that have belonged to Kiev since time immemorial Kievan Rus was Kievan Rus look Kyiv belonged to slaves built servants built it doesn't matter Kiev Kiev sent money for the construction sent this prince who will be there all this all The thing is that by law here according to the documents Yes according to the documents then St. Petersburg was built under Kievan Rus and Kyiv sent not the modern look of St. Petersburg Yes Peter I when he recaptured the Swede has it Yes he demolished he demolished all the old ancient Russian buildings Yes
so he built a city in a new form in the European what is this what period was already 1700 1700 was no longer Kievan Rus that's right Well these are the lands of Kievan Rus that the Swedes attacked and then it's gone that it's gone Saint Petersburg was being built Kievan Rus was no longer there lands lands of Kievan Rus illegally look I explain look I explain Kievan Rus did not transfer did not transfer these lands to the Swedes the Swedes occupied them illegally Peter I illegally took them from the Swedes show show show the document that you were transferred to Moscow The lands of St. Petersburg in any case look conquered by Moscow and Moscow - this is the property of Kyiv Moscow was created by the Kyiv prince everything is simple that is yes the medieval principle Yes the vassal of my vassal my vassal and that's it if Moscow was a vassal of Kyiv yes And it created St. Petersburg it means St. Petersburg belongs to Kyiv as well as Moscow Well that's all you independence from Kyiv  declared
from Rus when from Kievan Rus When you
declared no you are not carrying until now here is
Lenin when he created Ukraine He wanted to
proclaim the independence of the Russian
Federation from Kievan Rus but he was killed
he was killed If Lenin had accepted the document
Yes which proclaims that you are
leaving-  under uh sovereignty of Kievan Rus and
proclaims proclaims
independence of the Russian Federation then it
was possible to speak but you still here
when When the Russian Federation
proclaimed its independence can you
name the year And you can say why
wait no year can you say the year
When the Russian Federation proclaimed
its
independence not  can you why
Because before Lenin wanted Lenin with Trotsky
wanted to do this Lenin was poisoned
Trotsky fled to Mexico and with his ice pick
there Stalin came and finished him off ru everything until
you proclaimed AK
What are you laying claim to these lands
as a result of the proclamation of Independence
that you have appeared  some Russian
people Yes Until then, according to ancient Roman
law, which was
accept Kyiv because whoever built the city belongs to him I understand that now there in Moscow which was built by Kiev, Udmurts came there, some Vologda people came there, Austrians came Yes, but this is a city Yes, which by right according to all documents belongs to the Russians, everything And who built saint petersburg if you say who built that and again look earth look if here if I explain I explain look if look e if if your mother yes on someone else's plot will demolish that house and build a new house Yes this house is built on someone else's plot and belongs to that who is the owner of the land Because there is an ancient Roman principle Yes that the building follows the land also here the territory which was called Ingria where St. Petersburg is located it was a principality of Rus' yes the Swedes illegally occupied this territory Yes Peter I illegally took it from the Swedes but no there is no single charter about the transfer of this land by the Swedes, let alone Peter I  there is according to the entire legal right that lasts since the times of Rus' Yes, this territory of Rus' is not disputed by anyone, not disputed by anyone and therefore Yes, even more than that I will say Look at those Lands that, uh, Russia captured already there in the 20th century Yes, for example, Sakhalin Yes, Sakhalin because it was captured by Moscow, the overlord of Moscow there is Kyiv because Kyiv created Moscow with the medieval feudal principle of the vassal of my vassal my vassal if Sakhalin is a vassal of Moscow and Moscow is a vassal of Kyiv, then according to the principle of vassalage Yes, uh, Sakhalin is a vassal of Kiev, that is, the Russian Federation must give up St. Petersburg according to the principle of vassalage, not to mention must Yes she must admit Yes that she is an illegal entity and she she must enter she must enter back into the composition of Kievan Rus the center of its vasal Yes Absolutely right because the Russian Federation is an illegal state entity Yes you see You must return to the bosom of Kievan Rus yes under e under the division of Kyiv and yes the Kiev prince used to be a prince then this
hetman yes now there will be a president Kiev president will send to the territories of the control Kievan Rus that is modern Ukraine Yes they will send governors yes they will send the governor of Moscow send the governor of Ingria governor of Buryatia governor of Udmurtia Well what's wrong with that Well why should we do this By what Why by right by ancient Roman law everything look from the time of Rus Yes this is the territory Yes build there were swamps there were swamps Rus with the center in Kyiv came there built on your lands in Izhevsk in Vologda in Kostroma Yaroslavl Yaroslavl why is it called because Yaroslav the Wise Prince of Kiev made it all Yaroslavl the region was inhabited by the prince that's all all this is the territory of Rus' And what will you do there is a right Sorry initially initially Moscow was Kiev it belonged to Rus' Iko domain zae let's say Rostov is there is look Yes and in the Moscow library there is yes and in the Berlin canals and in the collections of Konstantin Borya the people have everything, but these documents are not historians  dispute Yes Yaroslav the Wise You take the same for example this city Yaroslavl Yes they say Yes it was created by Yaroslavl mu Yaroslav the Wise of Kiev prince KZ Well there are no disputes here you understand there were disputes the only disputes there were Yes what Mongolia Chingizids they lay claim to some territories of Rus' and this is justified because for example the city of Saratov the city of Saratov is in Kazakh sarytau yellow mountain this is land illegally annexed from the Turks by Russia Yes and I think that Saratov is still my personal opinion I don't know How the president will decide Yes that Saratov should be given should be given the heir of the Golden Horde, that is, the Kazakhs Saratov is the original territory of the Golden Horde there was a medieval city of Kik and then the Kiev princes came and made their fortress there Well, it is illegal there was no agreement on the transfer of Saratov to Kievan Rus, so we will have to give Saratov they will give it to Kazakhstan if they they will want to accept, so I think that in the restoration of historical justice
it was necessary, the Golden Horde and Rus', two great powers that divided Eurasia, that divided Eurasia, Yes, they later fell a little, Kievan Rus captured this captured Saratov, Yes, Prince Svyatoslav the brave, Yes, he went to war against the Khazar Khaganate and smashed their Itil on the Volga River, Yes, he smashed it, Well, it was there was strife between the countries now we are establishing normal relations yes Kievan Rus and the Turks will live peacefully again We do not lay claim to Astrakhan we do not lay claim to Saratov Well they do not lay claim to our Moscow That is why this division began yes because the Turks were captured by the Tatar-Mongols captured Moscow from Rus' yes And we captured Sarat from them That's all we don't lay claim to the Caspian zone they don't lay claim to Oles Yaroslavna wave Muscovite everything what's the problem and why don't you take more let's say you're just now  you take the history that has already
been written, then this is what you need to take.
And what has not been written yet in the books, what has
not been written, we do not know, but before this,
Whose territories were they, how were they divided?
Why can't we take these territories now,
because look, because the first one on
this territory before  There was no
state of Rus Rurik created Rus and all
this was the first state in these
territories then Rurik came to the swamp
Moscow created there in short a principality
yes that is all If there was
another state there it would lay claim
now here is the Golden Horde yes lay claim to
be and  how will it claim if
nothing is written, that means there is nothing, everything is
not there, it's like you have a house, there is no document
for the house, there is nothing, you go ahead and leave, but we have a
document, in short, according to the papers, only the
Supreme Court. Well, yes, Supreme Court. Well, that's how history
is done. Oh, come on, okay.  then
I don't know just know from papers how the
US Wait wait how does the US live
then I'm with a normal person it's interesting with him a
normal guy we do
n't understand I'll say so look  I am Russian I live in California I can comprehend the history of Russia not only the one that was poured into us Yes at school But here you really read in English Yes historical documents and all of them Each country searched in its own way look at our University of Sacramento there are photocopies of libraries of all Kyiv scribes Novgorod scribes Yes, you can read everything, I don't argue, each principality decorated its achievements in its own way, each state decorated its achievements in its own way, exaggerated them, this is indisputable, in Rus', too, you could embellish anything you wanted, and I don't think so either. some person wrote that who was rooting for his country, roughly speaking, and he also writes and thinks Yes, states Yes, even in the 5th century, take everyone diverges, and who to believe is already everyone's business Well, here the point is not who to believe, no one to believe The main thing is that there is a document Yes, there were original states, this is the Golden Age, Kievan Rus, Ancient Rome, Ancient Greece, ancient Persia Yes and
Scandinavia is the land of the Vikings. We won't count these states on this Continent. Ancient India and Ancient China. Because they all understand everything there. They have some kind of things there. Yes, for us, these states, these great powers, had rights to all these territories. The rest, I would and also Egypt Egypt zabl Ancient Egypt Egypt in my opinion [music] also fought did not touch in general we also did not at that time Well they were not they were allies of the Romans and several campaigns of Dahl captured because When the Romans wanted to recapture from Rus' Crimea Yes, their allies were Egypt They attacked, the flotilla was Egyptian and the Roman united flotilla besieged Sevastopol Well, because Egypt had already been captured by Rome and Egypt had nowhere to go to support Rome They were already a Roman province Yes, that is to say that Egypt specifically I can't say with the Roman one, yes there were flotillas, yes Egyptian and Roman, but the state was still One and Egypt  I couldn't help but
support Well, I agree with you,
Persia fought together, too. Yes, that's it. Look, I
consider that Union of Rome and Egypt
and Ancient Greece, it's like the modern
European Union. Yes, like France, Germany,
Italy, they united together into the
European Union. Yes, and NATO, they didn't unite
Rome.  captured all these territories already well
here right here right here and here America
USA it essentially captured Europe by force of the dollar
everything is clear here Well yes it's just that
the system of capture in the 21st century is completely different
before legionnaires came Yes and
established their power now
bankers come
yes that  there is not to say that Rome and Egypt
besieged Sevastopol besieged essentially Rome
Rome Yes yes He just asked those
developments roughly speaking also military from
Egypt so that they No he didn't even ask
he ordered that they help That is
here Yes
Pony And do you remember from school history
like How did the Siege of Sevastopol
withstand well this flotilla of Romans and
Egyptians with a chain in my opinion is correct And where did they
stretch the chain I don't remember that anymore I remember that
in Balaklava Bay
You were also in Sevastopol by the way or no no I wasn't in Sevastopol I was still little I went there when it was in Ukraine my parents and I just went to Crimea it turns out there is a monument in Balaklava Bay there is a piece of chain there Well that's already modern She didn't live to see those times, yes, that is, yes, this is already an installation. It says there that this chain helped the glorious city of Sevastopol to withstand the Roman Egyptian troops, like the Flotilla, and they really showed it that way. In short, I don't know how much this chain weighed, but it really was like the guide said that the Roman-Egyptian fleet would not have been able to enter the bay here, but a strong storm began at sea and the troops that were in the bay, and the Sevastopol troops of Rus', they were in normal waves and therefore survived, and those who were unable to enter the bay, that is, The storm sank the entire Roman-Egyptian fleet then this is what I still remember What are you studying to be a Plumber ventilation technician Well you  you just know history very well
now very few people
have even superficial knowledge
of it Well, I just have superficial knowledge,
not you, I am quite
in-depth, not superficial, it's
just Who knows that there is Moscow, there is
Russia and so on Yes, these are generally
distant
people of history  you had two I had
No I'm talking about those people who Ukraine
Moscow there is something And how much did you have in
history I had four three out of
five out of five yes well yes well I basically
understood not I think that you  four
plus is there Well, you definitely have four
plus The thing is that I
look I am a history teacher
at the University of California I
teach history, and the history of Europe
That's exactly what
I have 18 years of practice in 2 years
will be the twentieth I
just in  like a fish in water and I will say
So you have more knowledge of European history Yes
more knowledge of Russian history than some of
my students Well maybe because
they are Americans yes for them it is like a
foreign history Yes but I will say no more about you
American history we dream our own
here anyway  I don't know American
history at all,
I know that they fought
against these, what are they called, they
rode horses, these, what are they called, Cowboys No, not
Cowboys, Eskimos, no,
Alita, no, that's the general name in films,
often Comanches, no, no, Apache,
these Apaches, these,
like Indians or whatever  Indians
Indians and Indians
in general America also conquered these
territories fought off the population
living there A In what In what century did
the Europeans attack No I don't know exactly
well and Rome What did it have to do with the
colonization of America m Rome is
not a sewer colonization you are just
plumbers understand we have  you one
sewer you sewer Yes we have a
term paper now we have this and a lot of
everything Well look uh you anyway I
understand that you have studied world history
superficially but you still know that
Julius Caesar was such an emperor of Rome
Yes yes there is such Yes here uh  Julius Caesar's
military campaign in America was the conquest of
Indian tribes  In what century
approximately century I will not say already about
maybe d X century correctly X century Yes you are
pretty you guess or
someone tells you There somewhere
you will look
In the 11th century Yes 1048 yes Julius
Caesar's campaign to the island of Yucatan was called the
Yucatan Peninsula not then  they didn't understand that
it was a separate continent they did
n't have the concept of continents back then it was already in
modern times that they came up with
continents not continents they were all that
intelligence
with the unions of the Indian tribes Comanches Apaches
and others And even then they got victory in the continents
they defeated Caesar's troops
and Octavian Augustus his relative then
after Caesar made a second campaign to
America and conquered America and since then
Europeans began to populate America Yes and
then in my opinion
they were already scared of the alloy and specifically said
that this is no longer India you can even
see correctly You are great You know that there was
Ariga  Vis Puchi, you're a beauty, damn,
few people in Russia know about this, I'm
telling you, you have  You have a four plus
simply Therefore yes and Amerigo Vis Puchi already
sailed in what
century already in my opinion there X no XV no
XVI century Yes the XVI century is already closer to
the present something already America America
Vis Puchi Yes in in 1700 after the reign of
Catherine  Katerina Well, he was eager to go to
India in theory Yes,
but he realized that he was a little mistaken about
my brother who knows everything, yes, what,
what, and what with his brother there, yes He knows everything about
history Yes, he, he, specifically, so to
speak, he is for
real, well  who is interested in what I was just
interested in how what was happening sat in
class raven basically counted but remembered something
understood
cool good guys thank you for the
conversation you really know very well it's nice
to meet in roulette not some kind of A
really Yes but normal educated
intelligent  young people That's what
interests more people in history Yes,
of course, I'm no longer a Russian
American Yes, after all, I lived here for 18 years, I have
citizenship of the United
States of America
I also moved to America Well, that's it Look, I'm rooting with all my heart for uh Rus' so that Rus' wins so that Muscovy returns to the bosom of Rus' ceases That's how it would be uh between strife Yes, so that the Kiev prince rules and sends Which from ancient times uh to reign there in Muscovy in Buryatia And so further in all these not Buryatia this is Chingizids sorry Yes this is not that this is the Mongol Empire let them have it that's why we are here helping We have a lot of people here who understand history we are helping and demanding that the United States get involved in this uh let's say opposition after all to Rus' and the self-proclaimed of these states which are there Russian Federation there Belarus And so on arose So I think Victory is not far off all [laughter] we hold on I tried so as not to laugh I don't know in KIK it was a moment just to Like what Julius Caesar What America What Romans with pharaohs What Sevastopol in general  shuni in
heads How is it possible
how everyone who watched this laughed
was surprised that I endured this like
squeak and halls comment your vrazhennia in tsikh
Chu it was
bomb letter on my Telegram right now
axis win and
popk it is very and very important YouTube keeps
us busy through  srg ORV in your ban and very
many videos I do not show to people sometimes I do not
show information about streams That is why in order for
us Mali operational links
are written right now and Popik there in
telegram okm video there is also interesting and
useful information and we owe you
constant operational information  zvyazok
nezalezhno in that
chi will show you about this YouTube Glory to
Ukraine subscribe